Tools session (#183)
nfidd/nfidd: sessions/overview-of-available-tools.qmd

We are going to suggest trying three tools that implement several or all the concepts introduced in this course:

## EpiEstim

[EpiEstim](https://mrc-ide.github.io/EpiEstim/) implements the renewal equation on a time series of infections in a Bayesian framework, i.e. the model in `estimate-r.stan` in the [session on R estimation](R-estimation-and-the-renewal-equation#estimating-R-from-a-time-series-of-infections).
In combination with the [projections](https://www.repidemicsconsortium.org/projections/) package in can be used for forecasting.

The [EpiEstim vignette](https://mrc-ide.github.io/EpiEstim/articles/full_EpiEstim_vignette.html) is a good starting point for a walkthrough of $R_t$ estimation and forecasting.

## EpiNow2

[EpiNow2](https://epiforecasts.io/EpiNow2/dev/) implements the renewal equation on a time series of delayed outcomes including nowcasts with a known reporting delay distribution, as well as forecasts using a Gaussian Process or random walk model, i.e. the models introduced here except the joint inference of nowcasts and delays and/or reproduction numbers.

> The [example of nowcasting, Rt estimation and forecasting with EpiNow2](https://github.com/epiforecasts/nowcasting.example/blob/main/inst/reports/epinow2.md) is a good place to find out more about how to use EpiNow2 with linelist data.

Reviewer: I think a good future project if we run this again is to bring this example into the course org, update, and flesh out.

Author: I agree

## Epinowcast

[Epinowcast](https://package.epinowcast.org/) was created to replace EpiNow2.

> It implements all the models discussed in the course except for the ability to make forecasts.

Reviewer: It can do this but only via inflating the input data and likelihood skipping
```suggestion
It implements all the models discussed in the course. _Note that whilst it can forecast this does not currently have a user-facing interface._
```

In combination with the [projections](https://www.repidemicsconsortium.org/projections/) package in can be used for forecasting.

The [EpiEstim vignette](https://mrc-ide.github.io/EpiEstim/articles/full_EpiEstim_vignette.html) is a good starting point for a walkthrough of $R_t$ estimation and forecasting.

## EpiNow2

[EpiNow2](https://epiforecasts.io/EpiNow2/dev/) implements the renewal equation on a time series of delayed outcomes including nowcasts with a known reporting delay distribution, as well as forecasts using a Gaussian Process or random walk model, i.e. the models introduced here except the joint inference of nowcasts and delays and/or reproduction numbers.

The [example of nowcasting, Rt estimation and forecasting with EpiNow2](https://github.com/epiforecasts/nowcasting.example/blob/main/inst/reports/epinow2.md) is a good place to find out more about how to use EpiNow2 with linelist data.

## Epinowcast

[Epinowcast](https://package.epinowcast.org/) was created to replace EpiNow2.

> It implements all the models discussed in the course with a frontend to work with snapshots of data by reference and reporting date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It implements all the models discussed in the course with a frontend to work with line lists, data by reference and report date or cumulative snapshots of data by reference and reporting date.
```

Rewording to flag that multiple data inputs are accepted
